these are the areas which the children
these are the areas which the children of Israel inherited in the land of
of Israel inherited in the land of
of Israel inherited in the land of Canaan which Eleazar the priest Joshua
Canaan which Eleazar the priest Joshua
Canaan which Eleazar the priest Joshua the son of nun and the heads of the
the son of nun and the heads of the
the son of nun and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of
fathers of the tribes of the children of
fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel distributed as an inheritance to
Israel distributed as an inheritance to
Israel distributed as an inheritance to them their inheritance was by lot as the
them their inheritance was by lot as the
them their inheritance was by lot as the Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses
Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses
Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses for the nine tribes and the half tribe
for the nine tribes and the half tribe
for the nine tribes and the half tribe or Moses had given the inheritance of
or Moses had given the inheritance of
or Moses had given the inheritance of the two tribes in the half tribe on the
the two tribes in the half tribe on the
the two tribes in the half tribe on the other side of the Jordan but of the
other side of the Jordan but of the
other side of the Jordan but of the Levites he had given no inheritance
Levites he had given no inheritance
Levites he had given no inheritance among them for the children of Joseph
among them for the children of Joseph
among them for the children of Joseph were two tribes Manasseh and Ephraim and
were two tribes Manasseh and Ephraim and
were two tribes Manasseh and Ephraim and they gave no part to the Levites in the
they gave no part to the Levites in the
they gave no part to the Levites in the land except cities to dwell in with
land except cities to dwell in with
land except cities to dwell in with their common lands for their livestock
their common lands for their livestock
their common lands for their livestock and their property as the Lord had
and their property as the Lord had
and their property as the Lord had commanded Moses so the children of
commanded Moses so the children of
commanded Moses so the children of Israel did and they divided the land
Israel did and they divided the land
Israel did and they divided the land then the children of Judah came to
then the children of Judah came to
then the children of Judah came to Joshua in Gilgal and Caleb the son of
Joshua in Gilgal and Caleb the son of
Joshua in Gilgal and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the kena site said to him you
Jephunneh the kena site said to him you
Jephunneh the kena site said to him you know the word which the Lord said to
know the word which the Lord said to
know the word which the Lord said to Moses the man of God concerning you and
Moses the man of God concerning you and
Moses the man of God concerning you and me and Cadis Barnea I was 40 years old
me and Cadis Barnea I was 40 years old
me and Cadis Barnea I was 40 years old Moses servant of the Lord sent me from
Moses servant of the Lord sent me from
Moses servant of the Lord sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land and I
Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land and I
Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land and I brought back word to him as it was in my
brought back word to him as it was in my
brought back word to him as it was in my heart
heart
heart nevertheless my brethren who went up
nevertheless my brethren who went up
nevertheless my brethren who went up with me made the heart of the people
with me made the heart of the people
with me made the heart of the people melt but I wholly followed the Lord my
melt but I wholly followed the Lord my
melt but I wholly followed the Lord my god
god
god so Moses swore on that day saying surely
so Moses swore on that day saying surely
so Moses swore on that day saying surely the land where your foot is trodden
the land where your foot is trodden
the land where your foot is trodden shall be your inheritance and your
shall be your inheritance and your
shall be your inheritance and your children's forever because you have
children's forever because you have
children's forever because you have wholly followed the Lord my God and now
wholly followed the Lord my God and now
wholly followed the Lord my God and now they hold the Lord has kept me alive as
they hold the Lord has kept me alive as
they hold the Lord has kept me alive as he said he's 45 years ever since the
he said he's 45 years ever since the
he said he's 45 years ever since the Lord spoke this word to Moses while
Lord spoke this word to Moses while
Lord spoke this word to Moses while Israel wandered in the wilderness and
Israel wandered in the wilderness and
Israel wandered in the wilderness and now here I am this day 85 years old as
now here I am this day 85 years old as
now here I am this day 85 years old as yet I am as strong this day as on the
yet I am as strong this day as on the
yet I am as strong this day as on the day that Moses sent me just as my
day that Moses sent me just as my
day that Moses sent me just as my strength was then so now is my strength
strength was then so now is my strength
strength was then so now is my strength for war both for going out and for
for war both for going out and for
for war both for going out and for coming in now therefore give me this
coming in now therefore give me this
coming in now therefore give me this mountain of which the Lord spoke in that
mountain of which the Lord spoke in that
mountain of which the Lord spoke in that day for you heard in that day how the
day for you heard in that day how the
day for you heard in that day how the Anakin were there and that the cities
Anakin were there and that the cities
Anakin were there and that the cities were great and fortified it may be that
were great and fortified it may be that
were great and fortified it may be that the Lord will be with me and I shall be
the Lord will be with me and I shall be
the Lord will be with me and I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord said
able to drive them out as the Lord said
able to drive them out as the Lord said and Joshua blessed him and gave Hebron
and Joshua blessed him and gave Hebron
and Joshua blessed him and gave Hebron to Caleb the son of Jephunneh has an
to Caleb the son of Jephunneh has an
to Caleb the son of Jephunneh has an inheritance Hebron therefore became the
inheritance Hebron therefore became the
inheritance Hebron therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of
inheritance of Caleb the son of
inheritance of Caleb the son of Jephunneh the kena sight to this day
Jephunneh the kena sight to this day
Jephunneh the kena sight to this day because he wholly followed the Lord God
because he wholly followed the Lord God
because he wholly followed the Lord God of Israel and the name of Hebron
of Israel and the name of Hebron
of Israel and the name of Hebron formerly was kir Jeff Arbor Arbor was
formerly was kir Jeff Arbor Arbor was
formerly was kir Jeff Arbor Arbor was the greatest man among the Anakim then
the greatest man among the Anakim then
the greatest man among the Anakim then the land had rest from war